Tell me, baby, why you been gone so long?
You been gone so long.
For Meltdown Comics in Hollywood, California,
Harmontown is now in session.
Tell me, baby, why you been gone so long?
The wolfy sketches at my door.
Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown,
Mr. Dan Harmon.
Tell me, baby, why you been gone so long?
Thank you.
Look who's back. Comptroller Jeff Davis, everybody.
I think they missed you from informal polls on Twitter.
I wouldn't go on Reddit. I don't want to go on there.
There's too much objective clinical...
I don't think Reddit wants you on Reddit.
If you're being talked about on Reddit, like, Reddit doesn't want
the town of Ferguson to be on Reddit.
It wants to talk about...
Because if it would get out, it would go,
hey, we're a real town.
But just from Twitter, every time I would go,
like, hey, we're doing the show tonight,
there's always a minimum of three or four obnoxious,
like, and Jeff?
So it's good you're back.
Thank you, Dan. It's good to be here.
Thank you, Dan.
Oh, and I missed you as well. I'm glad you're back.
I missed you.
And I was doing what they call playing hard to get.
It's good. It makes a relationship stronger.
In that men are from Mars, women are from Venus' book.
I remember the guy describing, said,
women are waves.
This is no longer politically correct to say.
Women are anything.
You could say women are porpoises.
It sounds bad now.
But women are waves.
They go up and down, and men are rubber bands.
They go back and forth.
They pull away, and if you let them pull away,
they snap back.
Sounds like a big justification for a lot of hoohah
written by a dude.
But I don't know.
I feel it. I feel it myself stretching back
and snapping back sometimes.
Also, police brutality is like a rubber band.
If you let it go, it stretches and stretches.
Also, if you put it on too tight,
it constricts you and you die.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, it's not the goal to be sensitive
in these times around this subject.
I do want to be a curmudgeon.
Let's do the cane-shaking segment.
Cane-shaking segment.
I want to do more segments now that we're on video.
He's got a cane and he wants to shake it.
He's mad because you are young and he's old
and he wants you off the world's lawn.
Knock it off.
Stop being so young all the time.
I can't walk, so I'm shaking this thing.
And I used to help me walk.
Dan?
It's good to be back.
So, I was listening to a police advocacy lawyer
which is a great gig these days.
The hourlies are like...
The police advocacy lawyer at NPR,
and they were talking about the Garner autopsy
and how the pathologist ruled it a homicide.
And the lawyer's response was,
well, homicide just means that one person's life
was ended by another person.
It doesn't mean a crime was committed.
And he's right, I guess.
But it really leapt out at me,
and this is called the cane-shaking segment
so you can't get mad at me for connecting these dots.
I just, like, I wanted to roll down the window
and shout at the...
It gets you.
This is where refinement of language will...
These are your bedfellows.
These are the people who speak perfectly.
These are the people who are very polite.
They always mean exactly what they're saying,
or rather, they never do.
But they never say the wrong thing.
They never use the wrong words.
And they're advocates of murderers.
But it's not murder, it's homicide.
So get your shit together and get off my lawn.
It's kind of a rare, so weird moment in the news right now,
like a strange harmonic convergence
where it kind of actually feels like the things
that are in the news right now
are the things that news is usually distracting us from.
The death of journalism is in the news right now,
which is the most important thing to be in the news
since the death of journalism.
The Rolling Stone thing is a hot button.
I won't touch it, but it has brought the concept
of journalism dying and what responsibilities are
and how journalism actually works
to a generation that seems to maybe justifiably
because of the new media overwhelming them
with an increased news cycle.
There's a lot of old disciplines
that have been forgotten, confirmation of sources and things.
There's still a good journalist out there,
but let's face it, the worlds that we used to call tabloid
and all these things.
We used to have different compartments for these things,
and since the 20s, they've all been kind of merging.
I mean, it's a gradual, slow thing,
but spiked with the internet.
What the hell is the difference between real news?
It's not, just like real news sites.
They still have the same fucking weird clickbait stuff.
You can't tell the difference.
But now that cops are choking people to death
and there's cameras everywhere, I don't know.
You think maybe there would be like a little golden age
resurgence of journalistic integrity?
Maybe. I mean, there's crazy shit happening.
It's becoming very clear that being a team player
isn't necessarily the secret to world peace.
It's been kind of a leitmotif
in the last 20 years or so.
What would you call the golden age looking back of journalism?
When did you think?
Oh, definitely, 1985. I mean...
Was there ever a time?
I read you the following review of Back to the Future.
Sintillating with his beautiful locks of gossamer hair.
I don't know.
I told you when I walked out of Back to the Future,
Eyes of New York as a kid in 1985.
Was that when it was? Yeah.
And I came out of the theater.
It was a mnemonic device. The whole movie's about 1985.
I told you this, right?
I walked out of the theater
and everybody poured out of this Lowe's Theater in New York
on the west side and everybody was beaming.
Everybody was so happy.
We almost kind of walked out holding hands.
Like it was the most together you ever saw in New Yorkers
in my life.
And they walked out and some guy was like...
He was kind of like...
I would put him probably at 35.
I was like 11 at the time or 10, 11.
And this guy just kind of shook his head,
like kind of happily goes,
Spielberg did it again!
I did it.
And we all kind of paused.
He kind of ruined the moment, but we all were like,
yeah, he fucking did it.
He presented it again.
That screenplay took seven years to write, by the way.
Get off my lawn.
It took seven years to write.
You can't just shit these things out.
Why is your screenplay coming out then?
It's seven years and it'll be good.
And men stretch back.
You gotta let them stretch back.
It's just a pulpit for my agenda.
People shouldn't have to get milk.
It's bad for you.
Someone asked me to get milk.
I heard someone say what, the gas, what?
It's just explaining.
All right.
I don't want to do a
homicidal cop spree segment.
Yeah, I do.
Okay, let's do it.
Do you want new music for that?
Yeah.
Okay, let's do...
Let's find something good here.
Let's do...
Well, your job
ain't just to kill
people
before they commit
a crime.
Sometimes you...
Oh, who's this guy?
Shoot him!
He had a gun!
He came in on the first verse,
and he was reaching into his waistband.
He was just singing about a woman.
I saw him reaching.
You shot him there.
He had a big red gun.
No, that was a guitar pick.
Dan, that was a guitar pick.
No.
This is local.
Hollywood and Highland.
Two cops shot a guy.
I know nothing about this.
I'm going to put a kind of laughably
afterthought thing,
like, I do know that
cops must have it
really bad right now, all over the place.
Many of whom do not deserve it.
It's in the zeitgeist right now
that cops are terrible people and blah, blah, blah.
There are people who still have to get up in the morning
and put on a badge and go to work.
There was a crazy guy outside my front gate today,
and I immediately remembered,
holy shit, I need the fucking place!
There's a million good ones
and I've met
good people that also
happen to go to work and risk their lives to be a cop.
It doesn't seem like the time or the place
for that disclaimer, but it also feels like
I'm compelled to create that balance
because it's easy to fan the flames right now.
Anyways, I know nothing about
how the LAPD is doing.
Since Rodney King, the Department of Justice
took over the LAPD, they restructured it.
I don't know where we're at with that.
Someone in the audience might know more about it.
And I don't know what the crime rate,
how it was impacted.
I don't know how much of that is phony.
We're all praying when we heard the cops
shot a guy
in L.A. in the midst of all this.
Didn't everyone...
One of the writers at
Community voiced this and said
confessingly,
confessionally,
I've never found myself just saying,
please, God let them have killed a white man.
The city just doesn't need it.
The rain is fucking with our infrastructure.
It's hard to drive right now.
There's all that oil after a drought,
and the cars are sliding.
Don't kill any black people.
We just don't need it to happen.
It looked from the photos
like a white enough guy.
We're all fine.
Not that I see race.
There's a split street. You don't see race, Dan?
No, I don't. Who's that?
What's that guy?
He's got a red hat. That's what he is.
It's Anatoly. We know him.
Who's that guy? He's exotic.
That's it.
Stand up. Show me how exotic you are.
That's all I see is the word exotic.
What nationality are you?
I am Native Colombian
and East Indian.
Native Colombian and East Indian?
But you have hair like a sexy Michael Landon.
That's great.
It is sexy feathered hair.
You've got great Warren Beatty shampoo hair.
It's really good.
We all want to run our fingers
with this guy's hair, right?
Get over here.
I'm going to run my fingers.
Jesus Christ, that's good.
Can we pass him around like a bag of popcorn
and just have everybody do that?
I mean, that sounds...
Racist?
It honestly, obviously depends on him.
You want to go around
and have people run their fingers through your hair?
Just the front row, maybe?
I say people raise your hand
if you want to feel his hair.
It shouldn't be compulsory.
Alright.
Colombian and East Indian?
That's a good combo for hair.
We've crossed the line into breeding.
That's good.
How are you with kids?
Can I trust you
to take the prey down
without piercing the throat?
You'll just hold it?
Wait, now you've made up a dog.
Well, that's the analogy I'm going to go.
I was just saying, his coat is so soft
to manage a bit.
With that particular combination, yes.
Yeah.
They got to let Golden Doodles into the dog shows, by the way.
I got a fucking Golden Doodle.
These things deserve to be recognized.
I got a Golden Doodle.
These things deserve to be recognized
as the thoroughbred that they are.
Alright.
My Golden Doodles are amazing.
I watch that dog show. Those are bullshit dogs.
Dogs are all fucked up.
They're all weird looking. Let my Golden Doodle in the dog show.
Alright.
Moving on.
There's a split screen online.
There's a photograph.
There's the two cops.
Boy, they look cool.
The cops look like movie cops.
They really look like they're posing.
Which movie?
The guy that got shot on Hollywood and Highland.
Somebody just brought through the photo
up in the writer's room today.
This is all I've seen.
I'm not a journalist.
Please forgive me for whatever.
You talk about it online.
They brought up a photo.
It was a split screen.
On the left side is a photo that was taken
by just a bystander
who was there at the moment
when this guy got shot.
There's a guy that's down
in the crosswalk.
His face is facing the camera.
It's Hollywood and Highland
and the two cops braced
and obviously scared
and they did this thing.
On the right side is
the crime scene photograph.
After everything's been catalogued
and the guy's sitting there, it's the same scene
but there's little evidence
like markers everywhere.
And one of the more prominent ones
is this evidence marker of this knife that the guy had
which is not in the left photo.
It doesn't seem to be in the left photo.
It seems like the left photo
is just a dead guy in a crosswalk
and then the right photo
there's this knife that's there.
That's what it seems like.
I don't want to amplify
things that are already
not true but I'm reporting
on the gossip.
I was in Europe and I didn't see any news
so I'm completely unaware of all of this.
I've now dumped
everything that I heard today.
Somebody just threw up the photo.
So Hollywood and Highland?
Both.
On that very corner, you mean?
Isn't that where Hollywood High School is?
No.
That's Sunset, right?
A friend of mine
Chris Dermick
I met him.
He was driving down Hollywood
on Highland
and passed Hollywood down to Sunset where Hollywood High is
and he came to a stop at the intersection there
and he was two or three cars
behind the red light waiting there
and kids were getting out of school
and the car in front of him
a dude got out of a car.
A young Latino kid got out, took a gun
and walked up to a kid standing there and went bang bang
shot him twice in the chest, got back in the car
and waited for the light to turn green.
Sounds like a time life book
Old West or something.
No one did anything
because everyone just waited for the light to turn green
and they drove off
and didn't just drive off
politely waited for the light to turn green
and drive safely away from the murder scene.
Right.
So that is the world
in which police work
and that's what gets brought up in the comment sections on the other side
when we're all going like this is crazy
we're losing our minds
what is going on.
It's saying like
it's a jungle out there and it's crazy
and it's you know like they're risking their lives
and nobody is wrong about any of this stuff
but I think the only
the person I'm going to go with
and I'm putting a ribbon on this so I can move forward
because I don't want to just like jump into this and go
like run out
I just want to put a little ribbon on it
my
the way I'm looking at it right now
because what we learned from the Garner thing
is that this whole like God bless their
walking patient heroic souls
that Michael Brown family
you read their statement about
when the verdict came out
and they just you know they've
it was just like
I don't understand a human being that could respond that way
in this situation
but they were heavily emphasizing like the need
for cameras
cameras cameras cameras on these
cops it's a hard job
crazy shit happens for everyone's good
we're living a surveillance state anyway
aren't there just cameras all over these people
that are out there risking
their lives and protecting us
so that we don't have to have these fucking crazy arguments
but
the Garner thing is
on camera and it's like
you watch a guy get killed and it doesn't
really matter that much
so the what is
the important thing what is our take away
the why am I do why am I
what like no other podcast can talk about this
what is my role in this world
what the fuck
talk about community in a second
what is your role
why is it on your mind
it's just it's on everyone's mind
so I'm just talking about what's on everyone's mind
I sound like I'm speaking with authority
because I'm speaking into a microphone and no one else is responding
I am just a washer in the sea of this
so it just sounds like I'm pontificating
I am pontificating but I'm not
like I'm not drawing
on any kind of like decisions that I've made
my current take away is just like
what this young lady said on an NPR
was like I think we really need to seriously
examine the way that we
look at the role of police
and the law
we have this
philosophy evolving where we think
that the first and most important thing is
compliance and that if we
have that then laws won't be broken
because everyone will be afraid of the police
and I think we're seeing about
probably 60 years of that coming to
the fruits of that are now
like just rotting
and falling into the street
and it's on the inner tubes now because everyone's got these
little dangly doodles
and so we're seeing
now it's just like you know it's weird
it's weird to have six people respond to
an untaxed cigarette sale
it's give them a ticket
and like it wouldn't nothing would have happened
like just give somebody a ticket
for things that have to do with finance
and let money do its beautiful beautiful work
and when
people are being physically assaulted
like then that's where the guns and the
chokings and the numchucks and stuff should come out
but I have no answers
but I have questions
and where our questions should have to do with first of all
how many people get killed every year by cops
we don't have those statistics and why does this happen
and if we're going to be a federal nation
maybe we should put the pedal to the metal
and just fucking federalize and be fucking federal about everything
I never thought I'd say that but Jesus Christ
well
get off your lawn indeed
I want federal government
knock it off your states
I'm a bull mooser
I don't think I had anything else that I ever know
unfortunately
how is married life treating you
oh it's great it fits like a glove man
I
I should have been married a long time ago
because look at me look at this
I
can't do that single
I know because I tried
it's just a miracle I got married
what do you notice is different about you
as a person from being recently single
to recently married
I think that you know the important thing about marriage is
and I was actually talking to an ex-girlfriend
about this who's recently married and is now
pregnant
so we were having a little like
day new mom
like
the
the important thing about getting married is the
realization that not that
the other person now can't leave
it's
it's that you don't want to
I know that sounds like a silly epiphany to have
logically that's in the air but
but emotionally it really kind of hits home
when you sit down and for me it was like I was writing
my vows and I was like you know this is
an hour and a half of doing something that I'll
never have never had to do before I'll never do
again what am I actually promising
going into this union and how do I
what do I feel and what's my job
and all this is just sort of like
clicking that happens
this docking of two pieces
of a space station
and it's
someone yelps
because it sounds like you're talking about
fucking
I think you delighted
a lady back there
marriage
marriage is when this thing slides into this
other thing
it really is
like a turn of the century comedy
show tonight
it just feels like
now you have a
you get
to have a moment to yourself
where you're like I want to
I want to be married I want to be married to this person
this person that whole thing about
somebody's you know accepting someone flaws
and all like it there is
like this change over from
a mode where something's
wrong you come home
there's no toothpaste I thought we said we need
it we need a toothpaste for like two weeks
and instead of like getting haunted by the
ghost of your dad and being like there's no
toothpaste
you're just kind of like there's no toothpaste
I'm going to sign up for this
it's just kind of like what am I
an idiot I married a woman that's not going to buy
toothpaste I'm not an idiot so there's no
toothpaste who gives a shit what do I have an emotional
fucking position about toothpaste
it sounds like you might have a buried issue about
toothpaste
I did I bring that up because that was like a
thing that was like a epiphany I had in the
whose job is the toothpaste is it a shared
responsibility it's nobody's job
that's why you have no toothpaste you got to
sign tasks
more importantly it's not going to end
the world if there's no toothpaste
it's like it's like worth a very
specific toothpaste size moment of grieving
as my couples therapist would say
you grieve you grieve the amount
the amount that toothpaste deserves
which is that much compared to
like choking a black guy to death on a
sidewalk
waiter tie it in that was nice
thank you like there's there's other
stuff to get upset about there's that you
don't have that doesn't mean that the
toothpaste doesn't mean anything because
we live in a police state it just means
that like you know
proportion out your
grieving like how what are you going to grieve
about today how much griefer you're going to
spend on the toothpaste
it sounds very romantic
there was a crazy guy outside the gate
glad I got that gate
the gate at your place but I'm glad I can call
the police to say he's outside the gate
please come choke him
the gate the gate in front of your crib
there was a crazy guy walking around
yeah he seems a little he's a little touched
I think is that is that still correct
I was just in Paris I've never been
to Paris before and I spent about a week
there and the crazy people there are
fucking great like when you see a crazy
guy yelling in French it was like this
it was like artwork it was really good
it was like
I can watch this all night long
for all we know Napoleon was homeless
we're like okay whatever you say sir
I think they have more theatrical
training I think that guy had a great
voice he could scream all night
well it's definitely a language
it's wheelhouse
it's passionate
exclamation yeah like oh
that's what I'm basing it on
Pepe Le Pew never yelled like this guy
I mean I saw a couple guys that were
really laying it down it was like arias
they were really like riveting
by the way Pepe Le Pew when have we re-examined
that through our new hashtag lens
that is that is uncomfortable
yeah we got rid of Speedy Gonzalez but we
didn't get rid of Pepe Le Pew
let's have some agency for cats that get
paint spilled on them
yeah not only was it insensitive to French
people that stink
it was just the rapiest skunk in the world
was that the idea that French people
stink oh yeah Pepe Le Pew
French people have B.L. that's why it's
absolutely not nice oh come on
that has to be it he was based on Charles
Boyet
Charles Boyet stink
no no because he's a little lover
oh yeah but also Pepe Le Pew
the fact that he was a stinky Frenchman
that's yeah
he said the rapy thing
I love an actor that would woo women
and they loved it
the idea that French are lovers absolutely
but also
he was trying to fuck cats
he was a
he was like a cross species
raper
if a cat happened to
walk by a white paintbrush
and look like a skunk back then
she was in deep shit
yeah and he said you know he window dressed it
with all of this romance but clearly
we knew
as an objective viewer that he was full of shit
he did not take no for an answer
oh
he was very terrible
and the way they drew the facial expressions
on the cat like it was a little
it was very realistic
wouldn't you agree
I remember as a kid
pre-hashtag culture
I'm remembering like being kind of a kid
and being a little bit like just
I didn't like the Pepe Le Pew cartoons
and I didn't like the
the cat was so
she was so traumatized
she was horrified
she was looking for the exits it was the worst
and the thing is you were never
rooting for Pepe Le Pew
you were always rooting for like please get out of there
I was never
I was never laughing at him either I just didn't think it was
you know I think animals beating the shit out of each other
it's really funny
like Tom and Jerry is amazing
like those little things they do to each other
I mean all Pepe Le Pew ever wanted to do was
do that
and he just kept saying oh I stroke you
I touch you oh my love
I was like he'd do it over and over again
I know Wiley Coyote do the same thing over and over again too
but with different equipment
alright
speaking of which what was the Roadrunner
was Roadrunner male or female
Callie you're an animator
big eyelashes kind of feminine maybe
Roadrunner is a male
I know that for sure
this is Callie get up
you're an animator Kali Kazoo everybody
Kali Fontecchio
kind of like
fantastic animator
an artist extraordinaire
hello
hello Callie
nice to see you
I was gonna say I think I'm pretty sure he's male
but it's weird over the years
if anyone's familiar with Tweety Bird
he's male but he's been
systematically turned into a female
Tweety Bird's male?
yeah so the
the drawing of Tweety's actually based off
a caricature of Bob Clampett's
baby photo
like that's a it's just it was a joke of like
yo you got this big stupid head
really? yeah
and he was male he's male
I guess you're right I was
really successfully androgynous character because
I never really thought about
I kind of shocked to find out he's male
or he's female because I would be shocked
to find out Tweety had a gender
because what they realized they were selling a lot
of products to women and then they slowly
just kept putting like more hearts and flowers
and that's actually the last time I talked
to someone who works in marketing there
that's their biggest
thing of money that comes in like millions of dollars
a year just on Tweety
you go to Mexico there's Tweety Bird merchandise
Tweety wanna
I don't understand it there's like hookers
standing up to their knees and shit with roaches
crawling on them
horses spray painted to look like zebras and
Tweety Bird
and I don't I keep trying to figure it out
yeah they love Tweety and Taz
they love Taz Megan Double down there too
and Popeye Popeye really?
Popeye's yeah there's so many like gangster
Popeye sure wasn't there a moment
when wasn't there a moment when Porky Pig
crossed over into kind of kind of like very
feminine too like big long eyelashes
oh they've all done that that's like that's the running gag
with all of them I mean like bugs half the time
they're just making out with characters
no bugs just in Groucho where Groucho plays a lady
like he's doing a character
where he plays a woman all the time
and Bart Simpson does that too
but they started drawing Chuck Jones
Chuck Jones is the one
who's famous for drawing everybody with
like very effeminate eyelashes
that was his gag I guess
like most of his cartoons have that
and you can see that even in like the Grinch movie
that he did everyone's got the big eyelashes
how do we get off on this what are we talking about
oh we're talking about Peppa Le Pew
he's a very rapey energy
and yeah I mean it's energy
you know he's like really he's really advancing himself on the woman
and it was never
it would be a crime
it would be less of a crime if it was
beloved I just I can't have never met a
Peppa Le Pew fan
really? I actually like they also
they have I've seen a lot of merchandise for the girl
like that will be on girly stuff
the traumatized girl?
like pajamas and things like
I think there was an episode where she does
like fall in love with him
she flips it on him
why does that happen?
does she get knocked on the head or something?
and then he's like oh be careful what you wish for
and then he hates it
he's like oh for some reason
I don't like it when they want it
see you next week
I am what they call
the top
it was the only loony tune
in history where a porky pig came out of the
end and said I have to think about it
it was very lucid
he didn't get very tongue-tied
I mean talk to your children
about this
that's not all folks
look into it
it's weird like
none of that would fly today but they're all based on
like sort of stereotypes and like
kind of adult themes and things like that
it's like someone stuttering
we'd be like oh I don't want to
yeah well that's true
any kind of recognizable affectation
you're in a minefield now
but that's good, I used to
blanch it up and I'm like okay my challenge is
to somehow figure out
I have to have conversations in the writer's room
that aren't like oh it's like one of those guys
that talks like this
that's not a character
it's like okay
you have to talk about it, does he hate himself
does he, you know
I never pitched that character
that I just did
alright well
before you go
John Crick-Felusie, you know him right?
yeah, I used to work for John
tell him to come on the show
I ran into him at a Divo concert recently
but he's all frantic
that's the coolest sentence ever
John Crick-Felusie
if you'd like to address the rumor that you're all frantic
actually it's Crick-Felusie
it's Crick-Felusie
no one ever says it right
I suffer from the same thing
no one can say my name
I don't even try your name
I think Jonah Ray once said
I said it right when I brought you up here
oh yeah
you got my name
it's Italian, it's all phonetic
he's back five minutes
and
yeah I could try to
bother him again
Cali Fantechio
Cali Fantechio everybody
they were blindsided by that
who's this lady?
some of them were like that's my friend
I have one of her pieces of art
she drew a Roy Orbison, I have it hanging in my bathroom
every time I pee
I think of you and Roy Orbison
isn't that nice?
she's a very very very gifted
illustrator
and I know I seem aloof
while I'm saying that
check her out Cali Cazoo right?
on what? everything?
Cali Cazoo
crazy guys outside the gate
was there any danger with this guy?
I nailed it
with all of my projected speculation
it was crazy guy, I said French crazy guy
Peppi Le Pew Cali Cazoo
hahahaha
and chicken too
there was a guy Aaron
was texting me
all these delivery guys
would come over
someone would be delivering
a wedding gift
invariably they started
there's a crazy guy out there
he told me he wanted to eat my face
he actually said
he said to the
yummy.com guy
uh
which Aaron
got busted ordering from yummy.com that day
I want to know more about yummy.com
Aaron's not here but he'll tell you all about it
she's a stockholder now
but the yummy.com guy
said
that he
this guy outside our gate
told the yummy.com guy that he had
a disgusting face
and then he wanted to hurt him
and then deMorge
Harmontown
friend deMorge
came by Aaron
there was a birthday party for Dustin's girlfriend Elizabeth
and deMorge walked by the guy
he's still out there he just runs these long shifts
and he said
something so awkwardly racist
that it was almost not racist
but it was an earnest attempt to be racist
it called him something
it was like
really weird
everybody that he walks by
that makes them stop and go what?
and then he repeats whatever he said
and then everyone goes oh
and then walks away
so he's not physically hurting anybody but I made the
I was like is he only in front of your gate
or is he kind of moving itinerantly around
he's bobbing around that location
and I was like asking Aaron like
how's he dressed, what does he look like
and I drew the conclusion I was like
that guy is like a relative of one of our neighbors
he hasn't been around in a while
he has half a support system
letting him out
and he's like haunting these spots
and he's a little confused and maybe
you know on the wrong meds
or off the half of them or having to
drink with them or something's happening and he's kind of like
he's gravitating this spot
I was fucking dead on because there was a guy
a party guest came by I was like knew who the guy was
knew who he was related to in the neighborhood
and said I'm gonna call his mom and she doesn't know
I was fucking nailed it
I'm like Dr. Quinn
medicine woman
she's more intuitive than a regular doctor
Dan doing a camera take doesn't save that bit
you guys just appeal to fake people out there
alright alright so no more
I got no more ever notes
but the show's only just begun
I have a special
a special friend here
he's come to LA and he's
bopping around doing special projects
and I
saw on Twitter that he was in LA and I've been
tweeting back and forth over a long time
he made one of the best shows in
the UK
in the world
he's no fluke he's a repeated
British TV
with multiple successes one of which
you're a huge fan of
if you're willing to come up here and have a little
chit chat please come up
creator of father Ted and the IT crowd
Graham Linnahan
I
think that the IT crowd
transcends even the Anglophile
factor like I would assume
everybody in this audience like probably
is like the first to
love like British shit more than American
shit it's a sort of
I'm just trying to copy American shit
yeah I want to talk about that
in one second
but the IT crowd I think kind of
stands out as this real like
export like I think people that
which probably explains the continued attempts
to Americanize it
which I also want to talk in depth about
why I'm here as well
I'm trying to help one of those attempts
and the first attempt was a little bit of a
false start they boxed you out
I found out about it on the internet
one day I saw oh the
pilot of the IT crowd
starts filming in a week or something
and yeah they just didn't tell
me about it they didn't tell me
I didn't get a single phone call
or anything in fact I think you know
the people who did it
Sony? No
I think they wrote briefly on a little
show called community
are you talking about
I know you're working with some of them now
no no no that's
totally different group the first time
was these guys you took over
when you stopped doing it for a while
was that Porton Grasio? Yeah
they tried to do the first
I didn't make that connection
I didn't know that
I try not to think about the whole
thing so
I hope I'm not incredibly wrong here
but yeah I think it's the same guys
Porton Grasio are doing what?
They did the
Porton Grasio did what? I think
if I know we were going to talk about this
I would have looked it up again
but they did the original version
of the IT crowd with Joel
which is online
and you can watch if you are hating yourself
particularly
there's a
crazy weird
velcro level
a coincidence factor
in the relationship between
IT crowd and community
I don't know how much of it is causal
and how much of it is completely independent of each other
Joel McHale was on that attempt
to do the IT crowd
if you're correct Porton Grasio
who would later supplant me
we're running it
Richard Iowani ended up directing a community episode
that's less coincidence and we're just
moving a fan of the IT crowd
but before Joel McHale
was cast or even considered
part of Jeff Winger on community
guess who I had dinner with
because people were jazzed about him
and they really wanted to meet this
hot actor
Chris O'Dowd was going to meet Jeff Winger
possibly I did a little dinner with him
but Joel McHale wasn't even on the table yet
that's so weird
that's incredible
that's the one that really weirded me out
it might be because we're interested in similar things
and themes
I always thought community was the closest thing
to an IT crowd
because I don't think you can do
my kind of comedy
in front of a studio audience over here
quite as easily
the one we're doing here is going to be in front of a studio audience
but
I want to try and help make it
work more as a US sitcom
it's going to be a multi-cam this new year
I think that's appropriate
the multi-cam is not
by definition stupid
and one need only watch a British
or an old American show
or Seinfeld
Seinfeld is not that old
that's the last big sitcom
isn't it
friends
did Seinfeld run after it
I can't remember
these aren't that old
things like faulty towers
I just hate the idea of chucking
all these things in the bin
because they're supposedly out of date
it's because they satisfied
people so much that form
that it became automatable
and so the craft got a little corrupted
by the money
and so it's the practices that are associated
with the format
it's not like people can look at
the shows that break big
because they really become culturally effective
and make people really happy
they're multi-cam shows
and unless you start counting mash
or you know let's say Beverly Hillbillies
there's that
it doesn't have that same chance
of really becoming
a culturally effective
cornerstone
I do think it's a little bit of magic dust
sometimes when you hear an audience laughing
but the important thing is
when you hear a real audience laughing
when you hear them really laughing
and I think that you have to just
you bring them into a studio
I almost think I'll ask you if it's true
I think in the UK
because there's a lot less
like super
capitalistic
engine running the whole thing
the little less like fever pitch
like juice that baby up a little bit
who's that guy in the front
hey you know who we're bringing in? The Hammer Laffer
his name's Todd Hammer
he laughs at $75 an hour
he's a great laffer
I think you might have a bit more technology
as well around it
the only manipulation I do
is when I overrule the audience
because they often laugh at things
that weren't meant to be funny
or that aren't really funny
and I just kind of go no
you're overruled because the thing
that really makes people think it's fake
is when someone laughs at something that's not funny
was Father Ted multi camp
or was it all single? Yeah multi camp
but you did exterior stuff too
yeah and we played the audience
on monitors
especially since the internet
especially since I can actually talk to people
I'm really really serious
about making sure that every laugh is
you know real and often
if you're you know what people don't realize
is you're often going between three or four takes
and so the audience laughed
and then if we weren't to do anything
to the laughter the audience would just go
and then it would just cut off
and then it would be a kind of little giggle
and you just kind of make it
the audience is like an actor
you're pretending the audience suddenly has to
you have to suddenly pretend that they're
an audience watching a whole performance
all the way through I think it's a great energy
to multi camp stuff like for the actors
it's like putting on a play you rehearse all week
and there's laughs that get laughs all week
and some that go away and some that change
and sometimes on the night the laugh that you
was in the bank the whole time
just doesn't work in front of the audience
and so there's an energy to the cast
where you're always alive and the writers are there
pitching lines and there is
a kind of an energy to a multi camp
I love it you know I love when
it doesn't get a laugh and running out
and having a quick kind of intense
conflab to try and come up with a better line
and sometimes it can be a pitch of a new line
or just an adjustment of the performance
and that's magical sometimes
yeah it really is and it's
you know it's why I like
to do it I don't do I've done a show recently
though called The Walshers
which is a single camera
and they're naturalistic actors
it requires
the camera to be up close
up the tiny little flickers
an audience would only get in the way of that
you know but there's some performers
who they're kind of lifted
on gales of laughter you know
a guy I work with Steve Delaney
who does a character called Count Arthur
that I'm writing at the moment
you know John Cleese
in Faulty Towers you know he's just
you can't imagine some of these shows without
like Kramer you know Michael Richards
in Seinfeld you know
without laughter he would just be
kind of weird
but also it's also
holding for real laughter when you come in
and something magical happens and there's a laughter
you actually like Carol Burnett's show
where they would hold for these giant laughter
oh yeah that's great too
and then like you as a viewer
watching through your TV I was a kid watching
like Carol Burnett and my carpet in front of my big Xenus TV
it's like you felt like you were part of that audience
you were part of the tribe
but when you're watching that I just don't think
I think it's just at the moment
there don't seem to be many good shows
that have an audience you know but it'll change
it'll be one big show
it'll be great everyone will love it
and suddenly everyone will be like
why are you doing single camera stuff
it'll be the IT crowd because I'm sure you're at a great network
that respects comedy
where is it
NBC
alright
this one's gonna last forever
I can't have this conversation
into a microphone
no you can't
don't take him down with you
I mean I'm still in bed with them
there's still you know and a community is now owned
by three entities now one of them is NBC
I can't
I can't begrudge them
we've got Chevy Chase doing Douglas though
that's good
that's fantastic
you're gonna need
to go single camera for some
elements then
he is more a machine than man
I wanted to ask you
is this on camera actually
do I look okay, do I look awkward
you look great
they call you Irish Dan Harmon
that's all I ever want
they call that an Irish compliment
are you familiar with the phrase Irish Medicine
or is that a horrible American phrase
no I've never heard of it
Irish Medicine
that doesn't work
Irish Medicine is saying to somebody
who thinks they're having a heart attack
but probably isn't should I call an ambulance
that's great
Irish people would really approve of that
that's yeah
Irish Breakfast is a whiskey and a cigarette
what is it
that's a Mexican word
we had a book of American slang
and it was just filled with it
it was just like a Chinese landing as a crash
and okay
you guys are gonna be okay
the book was
written in 1903
and you're gonna be fine
that book was flagrant
really amazing
it was really amazing the formula that would develop
everything that's Chinese was
backwards, it was an inversion
and everything that was Mexican was slightly less so
oh this is a real book
it was just like oh you get to the C's and the M's
and it was like
it's a whole book of just racist terms
it's called a dictionary of American slang
but it could have easily been called
a dictionary of racist modifiers
I saw a book today
I was in Barron's and Noble
and I saw a book today that was called
something like
I don't know what it was called
one bit of it was normal but the other bit was
crazy and it was
the subtitle of it was something like
the guns of bad men
it was a book of guns
and it was just
this is like an encyclopedia
of guns of bad men
guns like bang bang or
yeah but that's how it was written
the guns of bad men
why don't we call this book
it's just like Billy the Kid
it was his weapon
he used this kind of thing
but it was just that weird title
that was the end of a long dinner
with a frustrated literary agent
who was like
no god damn it
triggers and tribulations
and the lit agent
was like do you understand everyone
regrets buying this book
we're going to be lucky to sell five copies
I'm going to title it for you
alright you're just like oh yeah
you wish you could yeah fucking
there's one guy at the back
who never gets to talk guns of bad men
I wanted to ask you
you brought up John Cleese
who is credited with
a thing that exists in the UK
that doesn't exist in American TV culture
I heard this from I think
Edgar Wright
there's a phrase for it
something to do with four seasons
and out like do you know what I'm talking about
Faulty Towers was four
you guys called series
oh two yeah only 12 episodes
I'm already wrong and I haven't even started
but it was like there's a set amount
of episodes that a British TV writer
looks at as being dignified
and beyond that you're just like
what am I American I love that
I love that Simpsons joke
where it goes Britain's longest
running sitcom see all
eight episodes next week
but uh yeah
but it's because we don't
it does not really a team writing culture
and so
you can get burnt out you know like
I was quite proud of getting as many series
of IT crowd as I did because it was
when you write on your own you know it's just not
I realized too late this isn't fun
I'm not enjoying this you know
and you get worse and worse every year not you
the royal you
the I just like I feel
like I'm dragging my
brain along concrete and it's like this
dog that won't heal and
I'm like in order to be as good as a season
five
story I have to like
I just have to hurt myself and it's kind
of sad yeah yeah but do you
feel that that even with a team I mean
I mean isn't it easier
the team can only I mean like
the team has this
tremendous amount of power
if I ask
them for 50
names for a new disease
if I if I if I can quantify
it if I can if I can give
them instructions they
are so much more talented than
I could ever be about like jokes
you know and but it's
there's I'm a victim
of my own
Christ mythology like I
am I've I've I've been
fired and rehired and I can't these
kids that are the only people that would work for me
they're they're so talented and so
reverent there's no I
can't I can't just say
you guys you guys write a story
yeah it's like it's just
coming to wait for me to get tired of Minecraft
and then like okay now he's
now he's going he's going he's going
I don't know I have
I'm not a good leader I don't know how to run
a room he said it he said
it fire him fire him
yeah the last time I said
that yeah but it still it
must be better though than I mean the whole
thing the conversation with me goes
is this funny and then I
say I don't know
that's what I do all day
yeah I I mean I yeah I defer
constant I love like
the my favorite thing is if I
can if I can write a story if I can come up with
something and then I can I can actually
go through the script and then
I finally learned this after like four years
of doing a TV show like
how to that you're supposed to just
do this that like write a shitty script
but have it make some semblance
of sense and like then go
through and then you put like
I put three question marks
I don't know who taught me that I don't know if that comes from
one show or another that's a standard thing
but three question marks and then
like Chang comes in and says
they go where were you it goes like
I'm an hour late because
question mark question mark question mark
I I fought
a German shepherd over
a butterscotch candy and I lost
and it's not funny and it doesn't matter
and then I just ship it out to a room
full of geniuses
who work for Colbert and
the onion and the lampoon and everything
and they and they return to me
the same script so it says
Chang injures the room where were you
I got fought and then there's a list
separated the slashes and it's just
take your pick and it's just
barricingly long and they love it
because in that room there's no wrong answers
and they just get to they just get to
flourish I'm sure there's all kinds of
horrible emotional things that happen to them in there but
they don't
want me in there and
because it would be weird actually I used to
joke about I never go in there but
they're like we don't want you in there really
yeah we don't hate that I'd like to be in
there I'd like to just you know
I don't know to help or to judge
no no to help to
kind of to have people make me
laugh sitting
and smiling my own
yeah well I
I used I I Twitter
has been interesting on some of that because
sometimes people suggest things
and
you know and you rarely get
something good but God someone said something
brilliant and they said
they said it's really funny
they just said I was on the toilet
today and I couldn't get up because the
cat fell asleep in my trousers
you can have that one
for free
I will indeed have that one
that is a good little slice of life
what a great reason for someone to be late
yeah
all I added all I added was
I didn't have the heart to move
that's a great little yeah specific
that's what like good good comedy
writing is like a little specific textural
another thing happened
on last series there was
there was a competition
that was done for some charity so I
you know couldn't say no I didn't want to say no but
they said
the thing that was auctioned
was a chance to
be get your name
in my in one episode of
my new show you know so I said okay
thinking the name would be Roger Smith
or whatever you know
and the name came back and it was
Rocky Fuglar Hagerty
which is a bonus
that is a money python name
but it was kind of a bonus but the show I'm doing
at the moment is sort of set in the real
world so I was trying to figure out a way
and we just kept
and finally I
I got in touch with them and I said are you
because I was finding it so hard to place it and I was
like are you serious it's like really a name
it's like a real name you know that was
a competition don't give me any fake
made-up names and they said no no that's our
dog our dog is Rocky
and our family name is Fugler Hagerty
oh sorry
I thought that was funnier it does
but Fugler
Hagerty is funny in its own
right I guess if the
name was Tim Fugler Hagerty
it would still be bad so in the end
a guy has to kind of make up
a fake name and so it
worked that he was I hate
making up names
my scripts are filled with
the casting director goes nuts and she goes
do you understand these are human beings
and I can't offer
the part of suit guy to Jeff Goldblum
and sweater
person and other guy
you know who's amazing at that
is Arthur Matthews who co-wrote
Father Ted with me
he's the one who came up with names like
Father Noel Early
and on Toast
the new series is doing it
Clem Fandango
No more Clem Fandango
Ray Purchase
Ray Purchase is just
if you've not seen Arthur
probably a lot of you have seen Toast of London
but if you've not seen Father Ted please go rent that because it is delightful
it's so funny
thank you
so you guys
IT crowd got a fifth season
like commissioned
like they said give us a fifth series
they wouldn't have turned it down
I don't think I ever kind of
I know what happened
I tried to write a fifth season
and I just got really tired
and I thought no this is done
but I had enough ideas
left to make the special
because I really wanted to do
Douglas doing secret millionaire
and I had one or two
other ideas that I thought were funny
and so I just really tried to
squeeze them all together
and then when you moved on
to something else did you find a rejuvenating energy?
yeah absolutely
I'll write community forever
but it's just like
man it is like
like flint against
steel
it's just a machine
it's just a machine over here
just the desire for more
the Simpsons blows me away
you know all due respect
I hear it's gotten really good again
or like one season ago
it was really good
but you know
it's just crazy how long it goes on
South Park too it's like endless
I can't imagine how the
how the Simpsons is able to
like
it's
I just don't understand how they can sit there and go like
what if Bart
what?
wasn't there a thing
Sam Simon telling me this
they would have like two
they would write two different bowls
of paper like there was
a line of A stories and B stories
like a garage sale and then someone goes
to the moon and they just picked two at random
I don't know if that's true
that was great do you know what I used to love about the Simpsons
the way you can look at an episode
of Simpsons like in the
golden age
and the opening
60 seconds will happen and you'll have no idea
what the rest of the episode is
that was delightful
I was very inspired by that
I don't do that on community or anything
but I think that's so fucking cool
because you cannot
you're like oh this episode begins with
like hey Mars where's the little
watermelon let's go we gotta go get more watermelon
and then for seven minutes into it
you're like oh this is the outer space one
it's incredible
it's so weird
but the thing about it is
I think the biggest problem
with it is because they're the same age
there's only so many
times they can do certain emotional
storylines like I used
to love when the Simpsons got sad
like you remember when
Homer met his mother
and a shot of him
just watching the highway
my favorite is when
Dustin Hoffman is the substitute teacher
oh yeah
you are Lisa Simpson
there was a change on that
I spoke to him on twitter about that
he said he still loses sleep
because the line you are Lisa
Simpson didn't have an exclamation mark
but it's better without it
I cry every time I say it
the first time I'll still cry right now thinking about it
it's the best
the exclamation point for me
would have softened it a bit
I said
why are you yelling at me
I didn't see Spencer when I came
he's taken the week off
I think he's not coming
oh shit this show is
even better organized than it appears to be
I'm not listening at home
I was impressed that he actually
exercised the
I'm going to think I'm going to take the week off
and then I said
Jeff's coming back
and Graham Linnan's coming back
fuck
which I thought meant he might come
but I think maybe
yeah that's good
that's a way to connect that dot
it's good to be back
you missed Adam Goldberg didn't you
no
hey Adam how you doing man
are you here
good to see you brother I haven't seen you in a long time
so you're working with my old friends Neil
Goldman and Garrett Donovan
who started community with me
if there's a community
biopic whatever that would be
the story of the behind the scenes
of community
there's no way you can make me the protagonist
because I'm a psychopath
who would you cast as you in that biopic then
Robert Downey Jr
it's
embarrassing that you had to ask
the lack of hesitation to what's
embarrassing about
it's
that kind of
gallant wit that only rdj could
capture
the
protagonist of the movie about the making
of community would have to be Neil Goldman
because
he got assigned essentially
to
an overall deal with this company
and they got assigned to wrangle
this show by this guy who would never run a
show and I always wonder
about the world from his perspective
memories
Neil do you ever want to come up
and talk about anything
I do not
that's why he's
I call him the schmoo back then
because he's politically facile
he knows
he's got a bigger house and he's
going to work longer and has worked longer
because he knows how to
he doesn't have the ego
and the
the backbone
wow
woo
who plays
you in the biopic about you
I don't have a fast answer
I'm going to go Liam Neeson
now I'm going to
what is it about Liam Neeson
he's Irish
I like the way Liam Neeson suddenly
is the guy you called kick ass now
it's amazing I think
my number I'll watch it anytime Liam Neeson
fighting a pumpkin
I don't care
Dan how would that
go
hang on
let me see if I can find
a sound cue for that
is this the trailer
this is the voiceover from the trailer
for the Liam Neeson versus a pumpkin movie
I don't have the music
you just go
I want you to understand
something
pumpkins just lying on the floor
by the phone
I'm trained to handle things
like you
you're orange
you're
round
I don't give a fuck
I have a certain set of skills
now I'm just doing
the weird Al Yankovic version of that
I could stump things
it would be more interesting
if Liam Neeson was warning you about pumpkins surrounding your camp
they don't care
have you seen the Jurassic Park trailer
I saw
I saw like a little
people cheering for it
the park is open
there's a new Jurassic Park
but there's a line in it
there's a line in it
the worst trailer line I've ever heard
it's unbelievable
apparently they've created
a new super dinosaur
and that's established
and then later on
halfway through
that's a good movie so far
so far but this is the trailer bit
and if this is in the trailer
can you imagine what the film is like
but he says
someone says
that depends
on what
and he goes
that depends on what kind of super dinosaur they've created
in that lab
that's not it exactly
but that's more or less it isn't it
what the hell is that
that's not a cool line
that's not Yippee-ki-yay motherfucker
that's shit
that's like in the 50s when they called spaceships
spaceships and ray guns and robots
that's like if you were asked
your 90 year old father
was about
apparently there's a huge dinosaur in the lab
and it's the fastest
I've seen that guy from
Guardians of the Galaxy
yeah it feels like
that feels like a bad decision
to be in that movie I think he'll be fine
he'll be fine
I think the film might be bigger than him and it might
like there's a bit when he's racing raptors
what's he doing racing raptors
he's gonna be the sexy awesome raptor trainer
I know
I learned from Jurassic Park 1
that velociraptors are cheap speed
he's gonna be that's the thing
there's a little bit of insidious genius to that
I can't tell if it's the dumbest thing
or the smartest thing in the world
that the raptors which are the
Ron Silver in heat vision terms
of the first movie
I couldn't think of another analogy
I can't my brain is dying
the ed 209
the ed 209 that's great thank you
the ed 209 of the first movie
where you know the debt impulse
and a sequel to like
they're the good guys
you see a shot of Chris Pratt on a four wheeler
and there's like raptors running alongside him
like golden retrievers
is he racing them or are they chasing him
they better be chasing him
I think he's showing up to save the day
because here's what I think about Chris Pratt's character
here's my prediction like there is a cheetah speed guy
and now he's the bad guy there's gotta be a guy
that's like come on you raptors
come on you lot ants
and Chris Pratt comes up and goes like
they don't respond to negative reinforcement
oh yeah
well you know who those
didn't respond to negative reinforcement
they
King Kong
he was a bigot
he's just as dead as all these fucking lizards
are gonna be
I
just gotta disagoo with your attitude
and then he's like
well let's see you get dislawed into the cage
and then he's brought his own raptors
from like site nine or something
and he goes like
rocker zippo
he like
he blows into Sam Neill's
uh
esophagus mold
and then the raptors like
and they do what they're told
but they're kind of like there's a begrudging respect
he's like he's like
he's like hold you get them to do what you want
like that and he's like
I didn't get him to do what I want
I let him do what they want
and he's hit that Chris Pratt
has hit that sweet spot where it's like
he's all the women want to
want him to make out with them and all the men don't mind
and that's the key
you don't want to get into that
Tom Cruise gutter where it's like
all the men are like yeah I can
are there any kind of comic relief moments
with Riker and Zippo
no that would be doing it bad
you want the raptors to be badass
and you want Chris Pratt to be like the voice of them
you gotta let them be cool
they're clever girls
but he'll be cool
in American movies
going from TV to movies
there's some rule
you get two movies
you can do a shitty movie and then a good one
there's math you can break down
Seinfeld couldn't survive it
the math is unforgivable
going from TV to movies
but if you go from TV to movies
you can hit these thermal events
of success and then you have a 25-year career
Matthew McConaughey
he went away and now he's writing high
in a thermal right now
he's speaking strictly about TV
actor
making that jump
we kind of haze people
I don't want to watch Andy Murphy in a movie
but anyways
how about those cops huh
I see your retweets
you're kind of a dissident
you're on the side of the anarchist
yeah
I'm on the side of people who don't kill people
for no reason
it's a bold stance, Graham
for an Irishman
just for Irishness
but no, I just think
I try and retweet things
that aren't going to inflame things
I try and be careful
after a few early mistakes
on Twitter
I'm very careful before I
tweet something that looks like it's going to
just kind of burst into flames
you know what I mean
do you address
because I know you don't
sorry to interrupt but
what you were saying earlier
no, fuck you
to me it's the most fascinating thing
because it's the camera thing
it's the fact that we all have cameras
and it's all this stuff
has just been going on forever
and you can just see it
and it's like a light's been switched on
and everyone's going oh look at all this shit in here
you know
and that's what I just find fascinating about it
and I think that I like to try and
make the light reach further
and I got a big following
for me a big following
so I get to
spread it out a bit
this is an interesting analogy
people tend to think of it in terms of bandwidth
or like extra channels and things
in terms of like we've been groping around in the dark
in candlelight or something
and then they have the lights go
and there's this sort of like
oh my god
that person looks
completely different than I thought they did
there's more people over here
they weren't even making any sound
now I can see them
and there's some people that are reacting to that
there's part of the human it's like
you scream in terror and you start doing crazy shit
and then there's other people who are like
you can scientifically find out more
now
but the problem for the place
I think is that I would imagine
there's a few systems that they have in place
you know
if you shoot a guy and just
drop a knife near the thing
but that doesn't work anymore
because now there's two shots
and I don't think that
I think that they're just gonna have to
adjust
it'll be interesting to see how that plays out though
we have this like overwhelming tendency to side
with the system that keeps us safe at night
and it does keep us safe at night
and it's like one of the most disturbing things
that we're seeing is
the revelation of
I think as Jeff has always said we're a right of center country
we can say
we can talk all we want about it
we have a bipartisan system and blah blah blah
we are in an empirically
ideological spectrum we are right of center
we are a fucking empire
we'd have to be right of center
we can't be centrist and control the planet
we have to
have like a conservative slant
on things we like the way things
were yesterday a little bit more than we like
things are gonna be tomorrow
yeah we didn't have to think about any of this stuff in the past
you know cops are great
criminals were bad and even if we don't like cops
even if we
you know like have no reason to love them
and it's not gonna line our pocketbooks or anything
there is a muscle that flexes
when somebody
says in an article
you know this guy forget about
cops let's
broaden this out into
I don't want to fan flames with my language
can we just speak and stuff
the rape culture
consciousness there's this whole thing everything that we're talking about right now
there's a phenomenon that happens
I think when you read a piece
when somebody is activated
somebody is being an activist and they're writing an editorial piece
there's a muscle
that I feel that reacts
like before I even know what I'm doing
I want to compensate
because I don't want to all at once
just be told that everything
is darkness and blood
and terror
and wrong and
what I thought was black is white
but I think the way you can
you know
live in the modern world and
be okay about it is you gotta think to yourself
you're helping the good cops
you know the good cops don't do
stuff like this
so if you're shining a light on the bad cops
you're helping the good cops so if we want to
help the good cops we've got to
we've got to do this we've got to try
and get the word out about the bad cops
when do you get mad
you retweet
you kind of curate you present these articles
and I click on them and I go wow
Graham's the kind of guy
I want to be like he reads
I just click on what you read
I skim it and I go
you know what's fucked up
there's these drones
they're everywhere
just trust me
but it's like
when do you
are you ever
supposed to say
it's a dumb question
because it's a case by case
basis I think there's some people
on Twitter that we want
I don't want to hear what Angie Harmon has to say
I don't want to hear what Dan Harmon
has to say probably
there might be other people that are like
fuck yeah I want to hear what Pat Oswald has to say
but it's the other
people I'm more interested in
the people who are like near
the scene and take a picture
there the people
that's one of the reasons I love
Twitter it's brilliant being in touch
with people like you and
other people I admire but
it's also great to
when something happens to drill down
and find the first person who saw it
that's the thing when you talk about the light
coming on and seeing all the cockroaches
that we didn't know that were there in the kitchen floor
now the implied fear
for me is that the light can go out
and when that light goes out
we're going to be fucking horrified
that's why I think everyone should be
a member of the EFF
over here the open rights group in the states
the thing
you should fight more than anything else
is your internet rights
because we suddenly have this ability
to see
and to talk to each other
and it's being chipped away
all the time just little things
like net neutrality and all that sort of stuff
they're constantly trying
to stop us from talking to each other
but we've suddenly
got a bit more power now we shouldn't give it up easily
we're going to look back on these days
and be like holy shit you could
can you imagine
I mean I think there's a lot of bad things about it
I feel sometimes that I don't know
as many physical friends
in meat space as they say
as I used to
and the people I know on Twitter and so on
I know them in a very kind of light way
I mean you can literally just make them go away
if you want to
I think all that's a bit sad
but at the same time I think
there was some way in which we were all a bit lonely
before this
and suddenly we can all talk to each other
I think that's incredible
and when people used to kind of come down hard
on Twitter and Facebook they used to get really annoyed
like the social network
film just really annoys me
because Sorkin there is just basically
like you little nerds
he said in an interview
they said to him are you on Facebook
and he says no
isn't this fine having a conversation
isn't that everyone gets interviewed
by journalists
and you see it as well
comedians making fun of it
not everyone's got a microphone
in their hands
and it's this kind of jealousy
of wanting to preserve the stage
to yourself because you're a writer
it used to be that when Aaron Sorkin
opened his mouth everybody would listen
and no one would be able to talk back to him
he hates that people can talk back to him
is that
the part of me that overlaps
with Aaron Sorkin thinks that probably
another thing he hates because before he hated it
he had some dalliances
he had a couple
like I did when I got
rehired for the fifth season of Community
I was on a high and I wanted to have a conversation
with people
I felt good about myself again and within
three conversation threads
I created four TMZ headlines
and then I
recoiled and I was like well Reddit is
I could easily said well Reddit is stupid
what I instead
said I probably say that all the time
but what the
reality is
Reddit is not for me
right now until I am back to being
a
conversant on equal ground
there's weird things out there
the whole hashtag outrage thing
is so annoying and
I agree with Pat in Oslo
that it's dangerous
for comedians because you have to watch yourself
so carefully
Twitter is not a good place to develop material
let's put it that way
Graham do you engage with your detractors
or do you go back and forth
or do you leave them? No I block them
I love the mute button that's my favorite thing
The mute is pretty great but if they talk directly to you
it just goes right to you
we were talking about this the other day
No once I mute them
they are gone I never hear from them again
But if they say to you if they say at Glinner
No
I can never get this straight
Does anyone have this straight in their head?
No and I like to ask them a question
just before I mute them
I like to say something
What makes you think that?
If that's really what
mute is and I'm muting everybody
I could swear I think that mute only
works with people that are like
hey I'm live tweeting the Super Bowl
and it's like I love you to death
but don't live tweet the Super Bowl
and you mute them because they're not talking to you
but if they were to say
I love that touch down
reminds me of Dan Harmon
it'll override the mute
Maybe it does work like that
and it's just that no one has replied to me
after I muted them
The only people
most of the people that I want to mute
we're talking about people that are talking
directly to me
I only mute rude people
or people who say something that's just so dumb
or one guy like today who said
I said does anyone know
any good places to eat in Los Angeles
or something and he replied no
and he was like bye bye
Too snarky, too cynical
there must be a good place to grab a dibble
I tell you another thing
about the internet and I'm not sure if it's a good thing
or a bad thing, I was thinking about this today
is that it seems to me that
you've got the high level sociopaths
who are burying people
in shallow graves
and then you've got kind of lower level
who never really had a way of expressing themselves
till now
and it's these lower level sociopaths
who are like the whole gamergate thing
at the moment
there was a discussion on one
8chan or 4chan
one of these things
where they were seriously discussing
how they could make transsexuals
kill themselves
and they were saying this is operation
everything's an operation
this is operation juneberg or something
we'll send them this
and there's a list of links of photographs
to send transsexuals
there's a bunch of zodiac killers who didn't kill people
they just like writing the letters
exactly
yeah
who is the bully
that's the dangerous thing that's happened
is like
I got bullied
you can become
a kind of person that's like
I've felt that way so often
I've been in crowded restaurants
and
I've thought you know what
I'm feeling the exact same feelings right now
that a supervillain feels
I would really like to blow this place up
I would really like to
not hurt but just kill so many people
I would never
have to go to a store and buy a red wire
and a blue wire which as far as I understand
is how you make a bomb
you didn't hear that here
I would go like
it's just too hard
not too hard but also I'm not going to do it
I know it's actually very responsible because
I can't handle it when someone calls me an asshole on Twitter
I don't want to see their body blow up
maybe that's good for your low level
aspiring
high level sociopath
they're getting it out of their system maybe
they're playing in a sandbox
adolescence I mean that's what
an adolescent does
your body they don't like to hear this
I didn't like to hear this when I was an adolescent
no one liked to hear that your personality
is based on blood chemistry
but you are fucking
full of testosterone
don't you lose empathy for a while
when you're a teenager
two years you lose empathy
and the parts of your brain that are lighting up
the primate brain as it's going through puberty
the male primate brain
the violence and the sex
sections are overlapping
I'm speaking really scientifically right now
you gotta look it up
but you are
I feel comfortable saying this
because we've been there
we were all adolescent boys
all of us
the three of us at least
and you remember
the amount of
control you had over
what your ideas really were
you had no real
you were a puppet
of
what a serial killer's
testimony might call the dog next door
you were
answering to a lower or higher calling
you were all
horned dog like weird
and it's not just about sex
it's not just about the fact that your dick is
like a little wood paneling nail
it's the whole time
no matter how much you rub it
the
what goes with that is
your feelings about
Dan Chogram
were you doing like a call out
like how you rub it
is it
like the end of a commercial
how you rub it
no no I was like oh you rub it
oh you rub it
yes you rub it
after 30 it makes it go down
but tell
anybody's guess
then you start to take the pills to keep it up
the
personality that comes along with that
you're constantly like the kids
they do fucked up shit like kids left unchecked
they're
I think gamer gay is mostly kids
of course it is
you're watching am I going to get fucking
egged
am I going to get my fucking social security number
Sony already
made sure that's going to happen
Graham what years
are there certain years that teenagers lose their empathy
I don't know I read it somewhere
again not very scientific
did you go through a phase
I know I did I went through like
I never thought of it like that but did you go through a phase
where you went through it
I did that thing where you care less
about the people you love for a bit
but I was just so wrapped up
in my own unhappiness
that you know
what town are you from
Dublin
I had a roommate that was from Dublin
and he got his ass kicked daily
is that why you saw Father Ted
no my friends that
turn me on to are all Americans
but they all love
like British TV and stuff
Irish TV
my friend
just like
describing being
a preteen and a teenager
in Dublin was just a daily
deciding do I run home
and get beat up by my father or do I turn and fight
and fight like 40 people
my mum you said I never really
I never got that too bad it was all psychological
torture but
I used to be my mum
was always just full of stories about some kid
who would just walk home and just get
the shit kicked out of him for no reason
so yeah it was a bit
fearful you know it's weird though
Ireland this is Ireland in the
you know 70s and 80s you know
I was just saying the whole
that's the thing about now is pornography
is pornography a good thing
it's still a thing
do you still
rub it in Ireland
but in Ireland
when you're going through that crazy
insane time
before the internet and in a Catholic
country you had to hump a pillow
there were photography magazines
and there was
a magazine called H&E
which stood for health and efficiency
and it was a nudist magazine
that somehow got through the censorship
by being about
the nudism which was a hobby
and it was always a really good looking
medical
but there was always a really good looking woman
on the cover and you'd wonder over
and pretend to be looking at other things for a while
and then you'd just kind of reach up
and take it down and open it up
and everything was like old men
and little kids holding hands
but the cover was always
beautiful don't rub it
I'm a pretty firm believer
that the mitigation of resources
available to you in that state
are not you know you can't
farm that field
to control
the crop
you mean you'll always see weird
stuff that you don't want to see
you'd masturbate to a piece of driftwood
you gotta be kidding me
you live by the sea
the content that they're showing you
it's like oh this is for kids
but it's like yeah but that's still
round
I remember
being this age but I did want to say
one thing about that because it's like
Gamergate as relates to
adolescent like uncontrollable
rage
and it's unrefined
and it's like we have
in America at least I don't know how it works
in Europe but we have
we love our infantilization
we love taking away ritual
we love taking away
the things that used to
mean something in a tribal society
they have been systematically probably
usually for good reasons
vilified and taken away and put in a bin
because it's like are you kidding me this notion
that a father and a son
are more important than the government
that's fucking crazy and it's like
everyone kind of grows up
children and our children
in this childish country are like
they're particularly vulnerable
they're 14 years old and they're fucking on fire
every cell in their body
is on fire and
they do some cool shit sometimes
the Mountain Dew campaign
where they
asked everybody to vote for a new flavor
of Mountain Dew you get to name
our new flavor and I got all
sensitivity to
anybody that would be offended by this aside
please recognize the artistic integrity of this
in the face of corporate
oligarchy
the 4chan kids
ganged up and so they just flood this thing
and the new Mountain Dew flavor
they had to cancel it because the new Mountain Dew flavor
was going to be called
Hitler did nothing wrong
for real?
and it's like yeah
fucking take that
how do they promote that
this is all about coordinated strikes
this is people who live online
and who understand that world
we're in water world and they're all
Kevin Costner
they have the gills
they dive down they can drink their own pee
and they can breathe underwater
and the shame about it
is that they don't use their powers for good
I think sometimes do
sorry
again with all due deference
to anybody who was murdered
by Hitler or anything like that
that is an example
of actually kind of in my opinion
it's anti-corporate
anti-establishment energy
and it's fun
and it causes you to laugh
and that's good
you wouldn't do that if you were 25
you wouldn't do that if you were 35
it takes a bunch of 14 year olds
to do something like that
and you kind of look out your window at that line
and you go don't get off my lawn
that's pretty funny
I wonder what it tasted like
it was kind of like
kind of like raspberry
and then the great thing
was all the Photoshop images
what if they had let it through
what if they had been accountable to their own rules
and the storefronts would be filled
with these two liter bottles
and Hitler did nothing wrong
there's two old guys in an apportion
they've got their Iwo Jima hats on
and they're like it's pretty good
it's a hugely important thing
it's like what is that
this interactivity and oh it's a contest
and you get to help out and you're a consumer
and it's like fuck you
it's fucking beautiful
barf back along that food line
there's barf coming out of here
do you have a hamburger on Twitter
no no
he's so funny
he just finds every corporate account
and retweets it along with a comment
and he just ruins all these
competitions and stuff to have
do you remember any good ones
he retweets everyone who says Taco Bell made me puke
that's right
he'll just spend the whole evening doing
he's like 40 people every Monday
he's really good
I think it was Ray Pruitt who's been
in the Harmontown before
he's my friend from Texas
he's kind of in a weird street theater
kind of organization
they do weird kind of guerrilla theater
like anti-comedy
kind of like situationist
pranks and stuff
actually it was
another friend of mine but it doesn't matter
there was a thing on the radio
the radio was a thing
or you could turn on a thing in your car
and there'd be music and news and stuff
he's like alright it's K-A-M-W-M
we're playing all Beatles all the time
and you all vote
your favorite Beatles song
we're going to play that same song
for 24 hours
so call in and they just got everybody
in Oklahoma to vote for Hey Bulldog
so
the guy's like alright it's uh
24 hours of Hey Bulldog
dum-dum-dum-dum-dum-dum
it's a Beatles song that you don't know Dan Harmon
it's not a bad song but nobody
wants 24 hours of it
the radio station stuck to their guns
and they played 24 fucking hours
of Hey Bulldog
and everybody else just danced to it and then they all got sick of it again
they were sad about it
oh shit
actually could you read that
I just got new glasses
before because I'm getting old
you know and I need glasses now
so it's frightening because I do this
and it's like this is
everything's normal I do this
I'm gonna die
I started thinking
I just don't seem to be able to
read that
sign across the road or whatever so
it just got a bit but it's terrifying
I do this and I get sad
let me see without the glasses
that's what you normally look like
Jerry O'Connell
he's an American actor right take him off
a little bit
I'll take that
I'll take any actor over me
you ever see Jerry Maguire
he's the quarterback
he's Cuba Gooding's friend
what else is he in for
Sliders
he should put him in an IT crap
yeah okay
I'll be in it too
what was the Olive Garden tweet
no
I don't have Adam Goldberg's thumb
sorry
can you remember what it said
that's Adam Goldberg
Adam Goldberg is like our Gonzo
from my mother's show
I'm what you'd call a backbencher
for us
Olive Garden says
please in three words
name
what describes Italian food
and he said not Olive Garden
that's
Adam Goldberg everybody
Adam Goldberg
good to see Adam
there's a significant crisis here
without Spencer here
I like what's happening here
we're having an adult conversation
we're doing fine everything that's happening right now
is fine that sounds like I'm
protesting too much
we don't have
a show closer
have we ever had a show closer
we've never had a show closer
don't you play Dungeons & Dragons
it's a great way to show
we always did that
I watched yours
before we did ours
did I write it before yours
I thought you were before me
for some reason
grandpa
you just went into
one of my favorite things
what they do is when they get excited
they go Falsetto
what did you
I love that
did you follow me rainbow all the way here
I have a particular set of skills
I don't think that I'm not being
scared by this guy
Liam Neeson and the phone
with his part of gold
in a few minutes
they're gonna take you
here's what you do
tell them they get three wishes
I'm gonna grant them
but ironically
I used to play
did you ever play Carla Cthulhu
no
you should get into that
I'm having a
I want to get into
Lovecraft now
really late
I just bothered to ask the question
what is the deal with this Lovecraft shit
I find him really hard to read
I find him a bit boring
are we reading HP Lovecraft
or is there a game called Lovecraft
no there's a game called Falsetto based on
HP Lovecraft stories
I was just talking about the whole milieu
I think it's interesting that there was a guy
with people still to this day
it's easy to
I've got other shit to do
the scariest take on Lovecraft
is actually Alan Moore's Lovecraft
comics has anyone ever read them
Alan Moore wrote Lovecraft comics
he wrote two comics
that are just Lovecraft stories
and they're horrible
it's one of those things where
you're reading it
and halfway through you wish
you were reading it
you know the kind of Lovecraft
the universe right
you get a book and you open it
and you go, oh my god
maybe that's what it was going for
Alan Moore is a genius right
no it's great but it's horribly great
it's so funny that Alan Moore
he's like a refined version of Stephen King
and so much of his shit
has been turned into bad shit
but unlike Stephen King
he's not cool with any of it
Stephen King's like, maybe the shining was alright
I changed my mind.
Yeah, I met him a few times, and I told him
I hadn't seen the Watchmen film, and he poked me.
He poked to say, you've got to get out there.
No, no, no, he's just very happy, very happy that I didn't
and wouldn't say it.
I've got to watch this.
There's a documentary in this very like gonzo,
just like him talking like, I didn't really realize.
Last year, I realized that Alan Moore was the common thread
between so many things that were so culturally effective.
I've got to get caught up on this guy.
He's great.
What were you talking to him for?
I went to a dinner, and he was invited, or no,
I was invited to meet him by a comic shop in London
called Gosh Comics, which is a great comic shop in London.
There's almost nothing you can say that someone
won't clap for it.
That was a pretty deep cut.
I'm from London.
Are you from London?
Oh, awesome.
And yeah, we just had a nice dinner.
How are you going to make IT crowd good for NBC with Neil
Goldman?
The thing is, they very kindly asked
me to come over after I kind of forced them to ask me,
because all I want to do is pitch my idea of what
the show could be over here.
And it would be unfair for me to say it out here
before I say it to them.
But I just think, I was thinking about studio sitcoms
in the States, and it seems to me there's only one show.
No, there's two shows that are like my show that
are in front of an audience in the States.
Married with children.
Wow.
Yeah, not like in terms of quality.
The quality was up and down, but it was the same kind of.
There was no quality.
No, did you ever see the episode where they all
had to get their hair cut at the Lady's Salon?
That's very funny.
I think I saw every episode of that show,
but it was great about it.
It was like, you felt like you were watching
a show that was made in someone's basement.
It was so crap.
Yeah, yeah.
But it's similar to my show in that it's kind of nuts
in the real world in some ways.
It's kind of heightened.
That's what you're talking about.
You're talking about the relationship between reality.
Yeah, and the other one is soap.
Remember soap?
Yeah, yeah, yes.
Soap had that same kind of crazy.
But I remember soap as a child, so I remember it
as a grown-up show, so I don't remember having mystical.
Yeah, the ventriloquist dummy, and all that sort of stuff.
So it was kind of crazy, and in later seasons,
they had aliens kidnapping the guy.
So it got really insane.
So they're the only two shows that
seem to be kind of insane in the way that my stuff sometimes is.
So you're going to tell Bob Greenblatt,
I want it to be like soap again?
No, no, no.
The opposite.
I mean, again, I don't want to say too much,
but I'm going to say to try and pull back on all that stuff
and do what American shows do so well, character.
And in terms of studio sitcoms, I'm
thinking in terms of things like Cheers and Seinfeld, which
I've said it before, but IT Crowd is just
me trying to copy Seinfeld and getting it wrong.
I just worshiped that show.
Those were some of the happiest years of my life watching
Seinfeld with Bob.
I got caught up with it in syndication,
and I didn't really realize the extent to which I was ripping
it off until I observed other sitcoms
and how structurally they were different from community.
But I thought that I was doing Star Trek
because the bridge of the enterprise
was so necessary.
So the study room was like the bridge of the enterprise.
But it was really like that was Seinfeld's kitchen.
And so you go A story, B story, and then they split off,
and then they reconvene in an ideal community episode,
which there are so few of.
They always go astray.
But yeah, it's like you have everybody coming in
and going, I have this problem, I have that problem,
and then they split off into these crazy things.
And that wonderful thing that Seinfeld would often do,
where you just did not know how they were going
to connect the two storylines until a second before it
happens, and then you'd get this little explosion of joy
when you realized.
I mean, one example, that's kind of not an example,
because it was slightly forced, but still great,
is Kramer being mistaken for someone
who's got mental problems and ends up singing to Mel Torme.
No, no, Mel Torme ends up singing to him.
Have you not seen that?
Yeah, I don't remember.
Oh my god, it's so funny.
And it's one of those laughs that you think
you will never stop laughing at one point.
It's just beautiful, because he's just got
an overcane in his mouth.
And he's kind of like.
What do you think of the office?
What do you think of the UK office?
What do you think of the American office?
No offense to anyone working on it,
but I find the American one hard to watch,
because I really love that first series of the office.
And I just find it odd that it's exactly the same relationships.
And I know they moved off it later on,
but I don't know, I find it a little bit hard to watch.
But true, no fault of the show.
I know it's a good show.
Yeah, yeah.
But you thought the UK one was like.
I think that first series is mind blowing.
You don't have Gervais fatigue, which
I have been told is a thing in England?
No, OK.
I'm kidding.
I made that up.
We were really.
We used to, I used to know him.
And then he slagged off the IT crowd on his blog.
And I was like, oh.
What?
Yeah, yeah, it's like, oh.
I don't know when we fell out, but apparently that's
the thing that friends now do to each other, isn't it?
Wait, I'm deadly curious about this.
How does Ricky Gervais make the time to articulate a slag?
He said, we got nominated for an award and he said,
best of a bad lot.
I don't even know if that's so British I'm like.
Of these bad things, it's probably the best.
It was the least shitty.
Yeah, it was the least shitty.
Oh, was he hosting?
No, no, no.
He was just writing about it.
Oh.
He took time out of his day.
Fuck you, Gervais.
Graham, I'm going to go on record and sing
I Never Like Ricky Gervais.
Let's get him.
All right.
Well, I was curious, it's the Bell Tolls for us.
We don't have Spencer.
I'm addicted to bringing Spencer.
Graham, you don't know about this,
but this is the point in the show.
We try to crudely shoehorn in an ending
to our unstructured show.
OK.
So it gets a little awkward.
And then the first funny thing I hear,
I play a loud musical sting to it.
And then we get the fuck out of here.
OK.
Shit, I don't know.
Dan, you want to?
Don't force it.
Let's just, now we just take a couple breaths.
We're all going to die.
Shit.
I thought that was going to happen.
Let's just embrace the sadness of this song.
If you've got everyone to sing.
Dan and I have kind of a Christmas tradition,
where one year we got together and we changed the lyrics
to this song.
It goes like this, Graham.
Dicks and balls and beer.
It's an Irish song.
The fire is warm.
It's a perfect storm.
It's dicks and balls and beer.
It's not enough.
They deserve better.
They deserve, is there an Irish Christmas tradition, Graham?
You want to share it with us, isn't it?
We celebrate Bill O'Reilly leaving.
We celebrate Bill O'Reilly's family being driven out.
Is he from Ireland?
No, no.
Just by name.
Yeah, yeah.
This game just sounds too Irish.
No, he's Irish descent, though, isn't he?
Irish descent.
Yeah.
Is there a word on the street about like,
do people just, people hate Bill O'Reilly?
No, no, they don't know who he is.
They don't know who he is.
They come back and do TV shows in Ireland
and pretend to be a normal human being.
They let him away with it because no one really watches TV.
When people in, there's a...
No, sorry, people watch TV in Ireland.
Sorry, that's not what I meant.
This guy, Flanagan, who runs this venue here in LA,
he's very Irish and he's very LA,
and he was explaining to me that he said this.
Now, like, I'm submitting this to you.
I want to, yes or no, he said...
He vaguely writes this.
The Irish in Ireland, they actually,
contrary to what you might think,
they're not repulsed by the millions of Irish-American tourists
that flood to the homeland every year.
They're kind of, they kind of like it
because the actual Irish represent like a certain amount
and like the idea that seed was spread,
no matter how fat and gross these people are,
that come back and buy these like key chains
and refrigerator magnets.
I don't know, I'd never really...
In Dublin, you might not see it as much as kind of...
Because, you know, people get to Dublin and they're annoyed
because there's a gap, you know,
and there's kind of, there's no Irish fiddlers on the street.
But you go out into the countryside and there's a lot more...
Is nobody selling cockles and mussels?
Yeah, no, you don't really get that anymore, you know.
The cockles and mussels business has dried up.
It's just a shame.
Yeah, but no, Dublin, when I grew up in Dublin,
it used to really annoy me any representation of Ireland
that involved fiddles or people going,
oh, you know, because, you know...
I was in New York and Chicago celebrate St. Patrick's,
I think probably more than Ireland does.
Yeah, no, no, I mean, believe me,
the St. Patrick's Day celebrations in New York
are the funniest thing to Irish people.
They are just so ridiculous
and these kind of awful men
turning their back on the gay Irish coming by,
all that sort of stuff.
There's a pub in Hell's Kitchen, I think,
and it's an Irish pub, and they have this big sign.
I was there once with St. Patrick's Day,
I wasn't there during it, but it was the day before,
two days before, and there was a big sign,
like, big block letters that said,
don't sing Danny Boy. It's not an Irish song.
It was written by an English person.
Like, if you fucking sing Danny Boy, we're throwing you out.
That sounds like a great bar.
That's really what I go to.
But I heard a great story from a band called,
a Northern Irish band called Therapy,
who were on tour with House of Pain.
Remember, House of Pain, Jump Around?
And House of Pain...
We could forget.
Yeah, but they were in...
House of Pain was Jump Around?
Yeah, wasn't it?
But House of Pain, they were in Dublin,
and Therapy were in their dressing room,
and one of House of Pain's took their head in and said,
hey, guys, come with us.
We found this great Irish bar!
In Ireland?
Yeah, really?
But I think they meant a bar that had a shamrock in it,
or something, you know?
Every other bar wasn't an Irish bar.
It probably had a Celtics jersey in there, so I'm sorry.
Is there a...?
Shit, I was hoping that would be it.
I know.
This is when we start scrambling.
It's every man for himself right now.
But is there...?
I mean, the answer is no.
I'm wondering what...
I'm not wondering what three intellectuals in London
having a drink at a bar say about American culture,
but I am very much wondering what three Irish...
I'll tell you, we used to love the regulars in our bar.
We used to go to this pub in Dublin
called The International, me and Arthur.
And there were always some really funny guys there,
and they'd just be watching the TV.
They were there every day.
And 9-Eleven happened, you know?
And this guy was...
Here comes our closer.
Yeah, we got our closer.
Come in.
Buckle up, everybody.
And this...
If it doesn't have the power to close a show,
then I question its status as a national tragedy.
I actually...
I say that on record.
Well, no, so basically,
Bin Laden, you know, was trying...
His name was starting to be floated about because of it, you know?
And this guy was looking up at the TV,
and you see the towers burning,
and then you see a picture of Bin Laden.
And this guy at the bar said,
there he is, the man of the moment.
That's how it's done, everybody.
Thank you for coming.
And...
I am a drink.
He should be a guest
in our country
until he leaves.
He's a genius.
Thank you, Jeff, for coming back.
We missed you.
Thank you for having me back.
Thank you for Cali Funtech.
You ever coming up and saying hi?
See you soon.
Go ahead and sit down.
Come on in, everyone.
There's Zach in the back.
Justin Marshall, of course,
always producing our lovely stuff.
There's also Chris and his girlfriend.
She probably doesn't want to be identified as his girlfriend.
There's two people in the back
that are also responsible for video production,
who also need to be thanked.
I want to thank Rutger and Zippo,
the charming velociraptors.
All right, I'll drive fast and take chances.
Thanks for coming.
Kris Boruff and Sarah Hill.
They're helping us out back there,
bringing video to you.
We'll see you next week.